Now as I said, in this course we'll build a Single Page Application with Angular.
Now what is that?
What is a Single Page Application?
Well in an Angular app, we'll have one root HTML file, a so-called index.html file and
we will serve that from our Node server or from a different server,
that's important,
it can be totally decoupled from our Node backend and it actually will be
and this HTML page basically includes some script imports that houses our Angular app,
so the Angular framework and our own code and we use this application to dynamically re-render what
the user sees, without ever requesting a second page to be rendered by the server.
Why?
Because by having this pattern, we never need to reload the page just because the user maybe clicked
on a post and want to see the details.
We can instead navigate to that page directly because we don't really leave the page, we just remove
some elements from the DOM and add new elements and all of that is handled for us by the Angular framework,
it's really convenient to use and to work with the DOM with it.
And therefore we have a powerful way of immediately changing the page, maybe showing a spinner whilst
we're fetching some data behind the scenes,
so that list of posts which we probably still need to get but we will do that behind the scenes and
this provides a highly-interactive, mobile-app-like feeling, a very responsive and fast web page where
we never have to wait, where things always happen and
that of course is a great user experience and this is why we'll use JavaScript and Angular
therefore for the entire front-end, for the entire user interface and we will use Node, Express and MongoDB as
a back-end to which we reach out behind the scenes to fetch and send data
but the whole user interface is handled as one page only which is dynamically re-rendered all the time
by Angular.